---
title: 'JMEE Volume 11, Number 1'
date: 2013-08-14
permalink: /posts/2013/08/blog-post-2/
tags:
  - JMEE
  - category1
  - category2
---

This is a sample blog post. Lorem ipsum I can't remember the rest of lorem ipsum and don't have an internet connection right now. Testing testing testing this blog post. Blog posts are cool.

Contents
======

p. 1-2
<br/>Understanding the Ocean, Protecting the Environment, and Engineering the Earth: 30th Anniversary of JMEE
<br/>Michael Bruno, Ram Mohan, Thomas Herrington and Chaoqi Zhu
<br/>Bruno, M., Mohan, R., Herrington, T., & Zhu, C. (2023). Understanding the Ocean, Protecting the Environment, and Engineering the Earth: 30th Anniversary of JMEE. Journal of Marine Environmental Engineering, 11(1), 1-2. http://doi.org/10.32908/JMEE.v11.editorial

<br/>p. 3-19
<br/>Experimental Study of Local Scour Around Circularcrossing and Square-Crossing Piles in Waves and Current
<br/>Shengtao Du, Chaolin Wang, Zhiyong Zhang, Guoxiang Wu and Bingchen Liang
<br/>Du, S., Wang, C., Zhang, Z., Wu, G., & Liang, B. (2023). Experimental Study of Local Scour Around Circular-crossing and Square-crossing Piles in Waves and Current. Journal of Marine Environmental Engineering, 11(1), 3-19. http://doi.org/10.32908/JMEE.v11.2023041801

<br/>p. 21-39
<br/>First In-Situ Full Deep Sea Sediment Strength Testing Device: MEGE
<br/>Guan Yang, Hongxian Shan, Tingkai Nian, Jingxi Liu, Yongfu Sun, Zexiao Xie, Chaoqi Zhu, Xiaolei Liu, Yupeng Song, Jianye Sun, Jingqiang Wang, Baogang Li, Xing Wang, Hao Zhou, Na Zhu, Yongzheng Quan and Yonggang Jia
<br/>Yang, G., Shan, H., Nian, T., Liu, J., Sun, Y., Xie, Z., Zhu, C., Liu, X., Song, Y., Sun, J., Wang, J., Li, B., Wang, X., Zhou, H., Zhu, N., Quan, Y., & Jia, Y. (2023). First In-situ Full Deep Sea Sediment Strength Testing Device: MEGE. Journal of Marine Environmental Engineering, 11(1), 21-39. http://doi.org/10.32908/JMEE.v11.2023041001

<br/>p. 41-56
<br/>Numerical Study on the Migration of Leaked Oil in Submarine Sediment Caused by Pipeline Leakage Using Two-Phase Flow Model
<br/>Xiaoli Liu, Shouming Liu, Tianyuan Zheng, Chongqiang Zhu and Dong-Sheng Jeng
<br/>Liu, X., Liu, S., Zheng, T., Zhu, C., & Jeng, D. (2023). Numerical Study on the Migration of Leaked Oil in Submarine Sediment Caused by Pipeline Leakage Using Two-phase Flow Model. Journal of Marine Environmental Engineering, 11(1), 41-56. http://doi.org/10.32908/JMEE.v11.2023040301

<br/>p. 57-77
<br/>Depth Effect of Rock-Breaking Seismic Source by Drilling Jumbo in Subsea Tunnel with the Drill and Blast Method and Its Application Prospects
<br/>Weidong Guo, Zhenyan Tian, Shucai Li, Shaoshuai Shi, Xin Wang and Xiansen Li
<br/>Guo, W. D., Tian, Z., Li, S., Shi, S., Wang, X., & Li, X. (2023). Depth Effect of Rock-Breaking Seismic Source by Drilling Jumbo in Subsea Tunnel with the Drill and Blast Method and Its Application Prospects. Journal of Marine Environmental Engineering, 11(1), 57-77. http://doi.org/10.32908/JMEE.v11.2023051101

<br/>p. 79-89
<br/>Distribution and Characteristics of Microplastics in the Tidal Flats of Sanya Bay, China
<br/>Shumin Gao, Shicheng Wang, Hailan Liu, Shuzong Han, Jiawei Wei and Hanjin Liu
<br/>Gao, S., Wang, S., Liu, H., Han, S., Wei, J., & Liu, H. (2023). Distribution and Characteristics of Microplastics in the Tidal Flats of Sanya Bay, China. Journal of Marine Environmental Engineering, 11(1), 79-89. http://doi.org/10.32908/JMEE.v11.2023041301
