---
title: 'JMEE Volume 11, Number 2'
date: 2024-01-14
permalink: /posts/2012/08/blog-post-1/
tags:
  - JMEE
  - category1
  - category2
---

The latest issue of the Journal of Marine Environmental Engineering, Volume 11, Number 2, explores advanced topics such as interactions between deep-sea mining vehicles and marine sediments, the zoning of harmful algal blooms using GIS, and the impact of abiotic factors on estuarine ecosystems. Each article delves into significant research that contributes to the understanding and management of marine environments. For detailed contents, you can visit the journal's website.

Headings are cool
======

You can have many headings
======

Aren't headings cool?
------

p. 91
**Editorial**  
<br/>Chaoqi Zhu
Full Text (Open Access)

p. 93-94
<br/>**Marine Environmental Engineering Awards**
<br/>Chaoqi Zhu
<br/>Zhu, C. (2024). Marine Environmental Engineering Awards. Journal of Marine Environmental Engineering, 11(2), 93-94. http://doi.org/10.32908/JMEE.v11.2024113002

<br/>p. 95-114
<br/>2023 Outstanding Young Researcher Award Recipient
<br/>**A Review Study on Interactions Between the Deep-Sea Benthonic Mining Vehicle and the Marine Sediment**
<br/>Xuguang Chen, Tianyi Xu, Gen Li and Lubao Luan
<br/>**Citation**: Chen, X., Xu, T., Li, G., & Luan, L. (2024). A Review Study on Interactions Between the Deep-Sea Benthonic Mining Vehicle and the Marine Sediment. Journal of Marine Environmental Engineering, 11(2), 94-113. http://doi.org/10.32908/JMEE.v11.2023080701

<br/>p. 115-128
<br/>**Hazard Zoning of Harmful Algal Bloom Disasters in Zhejiang Coastal Waters Using GIS: 1933–2021**
<br/>Shiyong Wen, Xizhen Liu, Siyang Chen, Lili Song, Tao Wang, Yanlong Chen and Na Liu
<br/>**Citation**: Wen, S., Liu, X., Chen, S., Song, L., Wang, T., Chen, Y., & Liu, N. (2024). Hazard Zoning of Harmful Algal Bloom Disasters in Zhejiang Coastal Waters Using GIS: 1933–2021. Journal of Marine Environmental Engineering, 11(2) http://doi.org/10.32908/JMEE.v11.2023040101

<br/>p. 129-139
<br/>ISMEG 2023 Excellent Paper Award
<br/>**The Interaction Between Internal Solitary Waves and Submarine Canyons**
<br/>Zhuangcai Tian, Jinjian Huang, Lei Song, Mingwei Zhang, Yonggang Jia and Jianhua Yue
<br/>**Citation**: Tian, Z., Huang, J., Song, L., Zhang, M., Jia, Y., & Yue, J. (2024). The Interaction Between Internal Solitary Waves and Submarine Canyons. Journal of Marine Environmental Engineering, 11(2), 128-138. http://doi.org/10.32908/JMEE.v11.2023050101

<br/>p. 141-156
<br/>**Effects of Abiotic Factors on Plant Community Composition and Functional Traits in the Liaohe Estuary**
<br/>Guangshuai Zhang, Yueyin Cai, Hao Luo, Shanshan Hong, Changchun Song, Jishun Yan and Haichao Fang
<br/>**Citation**: Zhang, G., Cai, Y., Luo, H., Hong, S., Song, C., Yan, J., & Fang, H. (2024). Effects of Abiotic Factors on Plant Community Composition and Functional Traits in the Liaohe Estuary. Journal of Marine Environmental Engineering, 11(2) http://doi.org/10.32908/JMEE.v11.2023040701

<br/>p. 157-171
<br/>**Circulation Dynamics and Dilution in Shallow Estuaries Case Study (1): Dilution Factor Calculations**
<br/>Oto-Obong Akpan, Kelly Francisco and Robert Miskewitz
<br/>**Citation**: Akpan, O., Francisco, K., & Miskewitz, R. (2024). Circulation Dynamics and Dilution in Shallow Estuaries Case Study (1): Dilution Factor Calculations. Journal of Marine Environmental Engineering, 11(2), 156-170. http://doi.org/10.32908/JMEE.v11.2022111601

<br/>p. 173-189
<br/>**Segmentation of Seabed Sediment Images Based on Convolutional Neural Network**
<br/>Yanchang Liu, Ke Du, Liqun Shan, Lei Zhu, Hanyu Jiang, Yan Wang and Xiali Hei
<br/>**Citation**: Liu, Y., Du, K., Shan, L., Zhu, L., Jiang, H., Wang, Y., & Hei, X. (2024). Segmentation of Seabed Sediment Images Based on Convolutional Neural Network. Journal of Marine Environmental Engineering, 11(2) http://doi.org/10.32908/JMEE.v11.2023082601
