---
title: "Visualizing fluid migration due to hydrate dissociation: Implications for submarine slides"
collection: publications
permalink: /publication/2023-EG-2
excerpt: '* The study highlights how the lubrication effect and the underestimation of slope inclination at failure could explain the occurrence of low-angle failures in clay slopes impacted by gas hydrate dissociation and submarine landslides.'     
date: 2023-05-30
venue: 'Environmental Geotechnics'
paperurl: 'http://doi.org/10.1680/jenge.19.00068'
citation: 'Zhu, C., Jiao, X., Cheng, S., Li, Q., Liu, K., Shan, H., Li, C., & Jia, Y. (2023). Visualizing fluid migration due to hydrate dissociation: Implications for submarine slides. Environmental Geotechnics, 10(3), 218-226.'
---

**The study highlights how the lubrication effect and the underestimation of slope inclination at failure could explain the occurrence of low-angle failures in clay slopes impacted by gas hydrate dissociation and submarine landslides.**

Abstract
======
------
The impact of gas hydrate dissociation on submarine landslides has become an increasingly significant issue. However, previous models cannot interpret the newly discovered non-conformity between the slide surface and the base of the gas hydrate stability zone. Here, the authors design an experimental approach for visualising fluid migration during hydrate dissociation at atmospheric pressure. The results identify the lateral and vertical fluid migration pathways. Weak layers propagate nearly laterally beyond the hydrate zone, which lengthens the potential slide surface. Vertical pathways branch and deviate from their original paths, generating a shallower slide surface. Furthermore, the findings show that fluid overpressure under the overlying layer leads to steepening slopes. The lubrication effect and the underestimated inclination of slopes at failure may account for the low-angle failure of clay slopes. The results support a new conceptual model that reconciles the non-conformity between the slide surface and the base of the gas hydrate stability zone and offer a new perspective for the large-scale failure of low-angle submarine slopes. It will be interesting and important to confirm these implications in the future.
